1) Set up basic react scaffolding using create-react-app
2) Set up chris store ui
3) Look at replacing undux with redux in chris store ui



Maybe 1.5 running through react/redux tutorial

Core work item is setting up redux for the ChRIS UI. Bonus for end of semester is slick visualization of brain volume results.

Sprint 1 - weeks 1-2: familiarity with project technology / platform

Sprint 2 - weeks 3 & 4 - start redux implementation in store - fetch all data objects into the caches

redux - central data store that makes data available to all components,
so individual components aren't making network calls and causing performance issues

Sprint 3 - weeks 5 & 6 - start implementing redux for the ChRIS UI. 
take all backend objects and populate them into the cache so they are available, 
but not necessarily implement use cases

https://github.com/FNNDSC/ChRIS_ultron_backEnd/wiki/ChRIS-REST-API-design

Sprint 4 - weeks 7 & 8 - ensuring redux is working properly and creating some unit tests to verify

last sprint or two: building new front end components for visualization of brain volume callculation from multiple party compute



VISION AND GOAL:
1. Set up react scaffolding using creawte-react-app
2. (Crucial work!)Set up Chris store ui by using redux to replace undux
3. Build new front end component for visulization of brain volum callculation from multiple-party compute

Tech：
1.React
2.Patternfly3.5 or 4
3.Redux(based on React)


Plan:(temporary plan, modified depending on the progress...)

sprint1(weeks 1&2): get familiar with project technology, including React, Patternfly, Redux, Undux and so on. And have a basic understand about
the Chris platform and Chris UI project of redhat.
sprint2(weeks 3&4): start the redux implementation in Chris Store, rewrite the frame by using Redux and fetch all the data object into the caches.
sprint3(weeks 5&6): start implementing redux for the Chris UI, take all backend objexts and populate them into the cache and make them available.
sprint4(weeks 7&8): creating some unit for testing and ensuring redux can work correctly 
sprint5(from week9): building new front end component for visulization of brain volume calculation.

